Require python3- prefix with PyPI keys (#25508)
ros/rosdistro: CONTRIBUTING.md

#### pip

Python packages, which are only available on [PyPI](https://pypi.org/), should use the prefix `python3-` and suffix `-pip` to avoid colliding with future keys from package managers.

For example:

```yaml
python3-foobar-pip:
  ubuntu:
    pip:
      packages: [foobar]
```

Some existing rules do not have `python-` or `python3-` prefixes, but this is no longer recommended.

> If the package ever becomes available in Debian or Ubuntu, the `python3-` prefix makes sure the `pip` key is next to it alphabetically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the package ever becomes available in Debian or Ubuntu, the `python3-` prefix ensures that the `pip` key is next to it alphabetically.
```

> The `-pip` key should be removed When the package becomes available on all platforms, and all existing users of the `-pip` key should migrate to the new key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `-pip` key should be removed when the package becomes available on all platforms, and all existing users of the `-pip` key should migrate to the new key.
```
